what's up guys this is phone take kid
and today we're gonna be taking a look
at the first SmartWatch that's actually
running a full version of Android guys
this is the $200 icon baked callisto 100
out of the box running Android 4.2.2 and
the best part is you do get a fully
functional Play Store which no other
SmartWatch has to offer to this day and
by fully functional I mean you could
download any app you want from the Play
Store that doesn't mean it's gonna be
the most comfortable to use on such a
small display but it is possible and I
wanted to test this SmartWatch out to
the max and by doing that I installed an
app called TeamViewer which let me
control my computer from my SmartWatch
and using the smart watches 1.2
gigahertz dual-core processor I was
actually able to perfectly control my
computer from my SmartWatch now wasn't
the most comfortable using it of course
but it did work and that just shows the
processors speed that this device
includes when it comes to the design of
this SmartWatch it's very minimalistic
and doesn't stand out and that's a good
thing is you don't want people looking
at you like you're a cyborg on the right
side of the device we get our power
button at the top camera in the middle
and also the home button on the very
bottom on the left side of the device we
don't have that much going on we have a
slot for our SIM card and we also do
have our magnetic charging port that
comes with a case to charge the device
the Callisto 100 is a standalone device
it does not connect to any smartphone
instead it gives you a sim card a port
and you could stick a SIM card in and
then it includes a phone and messaging
app and with this phone app you could
call anybody you want now I did
the phone and it performed fairly well
you do have to listen through the
speaker so you're not going to be able
to talk to people in public as it'll
probably add a lot of background noise
and I don't think you want people
hearing your conversation but we also do
get a messaging app where you could go
and message anyone from your contact
book as you would on any smart phone the
screen size comes in at one point five
four inches and it comes with a 240 by
240 color TFT display now yes it does
seem like things are going backwards
first we're trying to get the biggest
biggest phone that we could possibly get
with the biggest screen and now suddenly
we're kind of switching back to the
small screens that feel more compact so
yeah I don't think any of you thought
two years ago that your phone would be
able to fit on your wrist and I know
what you're thinking how are you
supposed to type on a display that's so
small well in the beginning it does take
some learning curve to get used to but
the best thing is that you do get a plea
store so you can go and install any
third-party keyboard that there is and
there are specific keyboards that are
being made for smartwatches so
definitely stay tuned for that
so now let's pop up into the settings of
the device to show you some of the cool
options that we do get to customize on
our SmartWatch if we pop in we do get
some different sections and the one that
I want to focus on is the system so if
we open up system this is where most of
our customization is gonna happen we do
get a customized our notification
section and then we get to probably the
most interesting settings and that's
under display and this is where we can
go and change our clock faces as
remember this still is a smart watch so
it does have a bunch of different clock
options to go through the clock options
range from digital to analog and one
that I chose here is the analog clock
and it looks really good on this display
one option that will hopefully be added
in the near future is for the clock to
always be seen even when it is locked
because as of now when it is locked you
have to click the power button to see
the time which can be a problem when I
mentioned the buttons you didn't hear me
mention the back button or the Menu
button and they have special gestures
for that so here's the power button at
the top as I showed you before to unlock
the device then the bottom button is for
accessing your home and then we get the
two other gestures so if we pop up into
app like settings if you swipe from the
right side of the screen then you
basically hit the back button and we
could do this a couple more times just
to show you and it does sometimes cause
accidental presses so if we go into an
app that I installed like XDA which
again loads fairly quickly with the fast
processor and let it load and then if we
go into any section and swipe from the
right again as you can see it did go
back but it did accidentally click
something too so that might be a problem
sometimes and if we swipe from the left
that opens up the menu so if we swipe
again there's the menu right there so
that's how you use the gestures on the
device so as I mentioned it does come
with a camera and the camera is a 3
megapixel camera now I don't suggest you
using it as it's very awkward to take
pictures on a SmartWatch so definitely
carry around an extra camera if you are
gonna use this as your main device last
but definitely not least was the battery
life and it was great I was able to get
around three days of heavy use with this
device and I was not expecting that
other smartwatches for example like the
Galaxy gear could go for one day but
this was able to go three days and I was
using it as my main phone so I was very
impressed with that let me just say that
I'm very impressed with this device and
it only comes in at 200 which is cheaper
than the Galaxy gear and cheaper than
the pebble steel so it's definitely a
really good watch and I highly recommend
it thanks for watching